Add and Remove Info barriers parameters (#5755)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOSite.md

Example 7 sets the Sharing Capability to allow external users who accept sharing invitations and sign in as authenticated users, and then specifies an email domain that is allowed for sharing with the external collaborators.

### -----------------------EXAMPLE 8-----------------------------

```powershell

> Set-SPOSite -Identity [https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/research] -AddInformationSegment [a17efb47-e3c9-4d85-a188-1cd59c83de32]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set-SPOSite -Identity https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/research -AddInformationSegment a17efb47-e3c9-4d85-a188-1cd59c83de32
```

```

This example adds InformationSegment 'a17efb47-e3c9-4d85-a188-1cd59c83de32' to the site. 

### -----------------------EXAMPLE 9-----------------------------

```powershell

> Set-SPOSite -Identity [https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/research] -RemoveInformationSegment [a17efb47-e3c9-4d85-a188-1cd59c83de32]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set-SPOSite -Identity https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/research -RemoveInformationSegment a17efb47-e3c9-4d85-a188-1cd59c83de32
```

Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```
### -AddInformationSegment

> This parameter allows you to add segment to a SharePoint site.This parameter is only applicable for tenants who have enabled M365 Information barriers capability. Please read (https://<kaarin to provide the link ) documentation to understand Information barriers with SharePoint Online.

Reviewer: _Please read_ url link is missing

> This parameter allows you to add segment to a SharePoint site.This parameter is only applicable for tenants who have enabled M365 Information barriers capability. Please read (https://<kaarin to provide the link ) documentation to understand Information barriers with SharePoint Online.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This parameter allows you to add a segment to a SharePoint site. This parameter is only applicable for tenants who have enabled Microsoft 365 Information barriers capability. Please read (https://<kaarin to provide the link ) documentation to understand Information barriers with SharePoint Online.
```

**Note**: This parameter is available only in SharePoint Online Management Shell Version 16.0.19927.12000 or later.

```yaml
Type: GUID
Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
```

### -RemoveInformationSegment

> This parameter allows you to remove segment from a SharePoint site.This parameter is only applicable for tenants who have enabled M365 Information barriers capability. Please read (https://<kaarin to provide the link ) documentation to understand Information barriers with SharePoint Online.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This parameter allows you to remove a segment from a SharePoint site. This parameter is only applicable for tenants who have enabled Microsoft 365 Information barriers capability. Please read (https://<kaarin to provide the link ) documentation to understand Information barriers with SharePoint Online.
```
The link should be added here too.
